What is Golang used for?
Go, also called Golang or Go language, is an open source programming language that Google developed. Software developers use Go in 
an array of operating systems and frameworks to develop web applications, cloud and networking services, and other types of software.

package main
import "fmt"

func main()  {
	fmt.Println("Hello world!!!")
}

Line 5: It contains the package main of the program, which have overall content of the program.It is the initial point to run the program, 
		So it is compulsory to write.
		
Line 6: It contains import “fmt”, it is a preprocessor command which tells the compiler to include the files lying in the package.
Line 8: main function, it is beginning of execution of program.
Line 9: fmt.Println() is a standard library function to print something as a output on screen.In this, 
		fmt package has transmitted Println method which is used to display the output.
		
Question : How do we run the code in our project?
Answer : Using Go CLI :
		1- go build : compiles a bunch of source code files.
		2- go run : compiles and executes one or two files.
		3- go fmt : formats all the code in each file in the current directory.
		4- go install : compiles and "installs" a package.
		5- go get : downloads the raw source code of someone else package.
		6- go test : runs any test associated with the current project.

Question : What does 'package main' mean?
Answer : in Go package == project == workspace.
		1- means it is consider as the main folder or package and it creates executable files.
		2- This is a very important to write at the very beginning.
		
		Types of packages :
		1- Executable : It generates a file that we can run anywhere. It must have a func called main.
		2- Reusable : code use as a helpers. It is a good place for put logic. Can be used as a dependency.
		
		package main -> go build -> main.exe (if we ran this file, the function named as main will automatically ran).
		package calculator -> go build -> nothing! (compiling a non-main package).
		
Question : What does import 'fmt' means?
Answer : It is a standard library of Go for input. fmt means format, the console so that it becomes easy to debug.
		ex : math, encoding, io, fmt, crypto.
		- very similar to printf or scanf like we have in c language.
		ex : fmt.Sprintf("%[2]d %[1]d\n", 11, 22)
		
Question : What's that 'func' thing?
Answer : func means function, we already have seen in other languages, you can say methods.
		func : Tell's go we are about declare a function.
		main : set the name of the functions.
		() : List of the arguments to pass the functions.  